### Coding Standards
* Configure editor so indents are four spaces (Should be the default in Visual Studio 2017).
* All source and WPF filenames will be Pascal Case (example: MainClass.cs).
* When possible If no standard library functionality exists, then use Qt.
* Naming Styles:
	* We are primarily following these (guidelines)[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/design-guidelines/capitalization-conventions] from Microsoft with the exception of local variables
	* Class names, members, and functions will be Pascal Case
	* Local variables and function parameters will be Camel Case (example: localVar).
		* Online examples from MS contradict the style guideline for local variables, but I feel this provides visual differentiation of scope for identifiers.
	* Constants will be in call caps.

* Do not use magic numbers. Instead, use named constants.

### Project Standards
* Do not commit autogenerated files to the project repository.
* Addition of any 3rd party libraries (other than support for trackers) must be requested in a GitHub issue complete with links to the library and explanation of its need/value for the project.

### Branching
* The master branch is used for the most recent and tested stable release.
* **No commits are to be added to the master branch by anyone other than a release manager.**
* Merging temporary fix/feature branches into will be done via pull request and by a release manager.
* The develop branch contains tested features to be included in the next release.
* If you are an internal member of the project and collaborating on features, please make your changes in a branch named issue##-keyword, where ## represents the issue number and a keyword or short phrase is provided to easily identify the branch.

### Patch Fixes for Existing Releases
* If a bug fix is required for an existing release, changes must be made based on the appropriate release tag.
* Fixes will be done in a temporary branch, and a pull request will be submitted to merge those changes with master (and development if appropriate).
* Patched releases will be packaged at the discression of the development team and PI(s).
* The subsequent patched release **must** have a release tag generated at the time of release (freezing the state).

### Pull Requests
* **NO CODE IS TO BE MERGED INTO STAGING BRANCHES (MASTER, DEVELOPMENT, ETC) WITHOUT A PULL REQUEST FOR CODE REVIEW.**
* Pull requests will be used to migrate fixes and features into staging branches.
* Pull requests **must** be based on an existing issue on GitHub.
* A pull request must be reviewed by at least one development team member other than the original author (with two being preferrable).
* Pull requests must outline what testing was done by the author(s) prior to the pull request, and briefly describe the fix/feature.
* Pull request reviews must contain testing procedures used by the reviewer(s) or indicate that procedures were repeated as outlined by the original pull request author(s) or other reviewer(s).
* Ensure that you periodically update branches with code changes from your branch base (master/develop/etc) to ensure that regressions and merge conflicts are resolved before pull requests are submitted.
* If you are having difficulties with a merge conflict or are uncomfortable making a pull request, please reach out to another member of the development group via an issue comment or Discord.
